### Agreement between Student Government and the Center for Leadership and Involvement:
1. Financial transactions will not be supported through the Marketplace app, and no confidential data will be collected from users.
2. Sarah Cunningham, Arthur Lundberg, and Alex Miller will be provided with administrative access to the app (jointly or individually), but will not undertake regular moderation.  Responsibility for moderation will lie with Student Government.
3. A text disclaimer will be displayed on the home page of Marketplace, noting "Marketplace is a service provided through Student Government and is not moderated or maintained by the University of Chicago.  Any concerns about the site should be directed to marketplace@lists.uchicago.edu."  This list will have subscribers from SG and CLI.  SG will take the lead on addressing technical issues and most concerns, but CLI may request status updates from SG or intervene directly if serious concerns are raised. 
4. Failure to sufficiently moderate with regards to legal proscriptions or UChicago community standards, failure address concerns raised by CLI or the University, or failure to appropriately update and maintain functionality/security of the site could lead to the removal of the University url redirect for the page, separating the app from the University's website, or even suspension of the app itself.
5. The status of the app and the scope of this agreement will be re-evalulated annually and adjusted if serious issues or any additional concerns related to risk, safety, or site functionality arise.  Additional review and agreements may be necessary if further web applications or sites are proposed by Student Government.
